Restructure Exception section (#15518)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/webgl_lose_context/restorecontext/index.md

None.

### Exceptions

> This method doesn't raise any exception, but an error can be notified using the {{domxref("WEBGLRenderingContext.getError", "getError()")}} method's return value:
> 
> - `INVALID_OPERATION` (`0x0502`)
>   - : Set if the context was not lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browsers may not report WebGL errors by default. WebGL's error reporting works by calling {{domxref("WEBGLRenderingContext.getError", "getError()")}} and checking for errors. The following exceptions may be thrown:

- `INVALID_OPERATION`
  - : Thrown if the context was not lost.
```
